hi you guys what is up and welcome back
to my channel so today I thought I would
do a what I eat in a day because a lot
of you guys have been asking me what my
macros are what my calories are and to
be honest I've been really kind of
hesitant to make this video because my
macros are not necessarily gonna be
which you need even if we have the same
height in the same body weights and
similar lifestyles because our
metabolisms are probably at different
places and I actually was thinking even
just thinking about that made me want to
make a video about things I wish I knew
about nutrition like a few years ago
because my the temptation is to follow
like an influencer or something and
follow their macros and do exactly their
calorie breakdown but that's not
necessarily what you need and so I was
hesitant to make this but as long as you
guys know this is kind of a disclaimer
like do not follow these macros these
won't be right for you then I can share
everything that I've been doing and kind
of what I've been eating and Thomann
calories and the macros and everything
about that I also wanted to kind of wait
until I was cooking again to make this
video right now I'm ordering a meal prep
service called eat clean bro because I'm
just not finding the time to meal prep
i've meal prepped for years and years
and it takes up just a few hours on a
Sunday and then also cook kind of
cooking throughout the week especially
towards the end of the week so I decided
that Gary and I decided we would try a
clean bro out it has their they have the
macro breakdowns for it so I figured I
could make it work and fit in my macros
and kind of supplement with other
groceries as needed and it's been
working out ok I'd say I'm not as
accurate and of course I'm relying on
them to be accurate and how they're
measuring out so who really knows but
it's saving me a lot of time so I can
work more on my business and I can
create more content like this video and
everything so I will be announcing like
a fun cooking kind of series hint hints
later this summer but for now I'm gonna
just give you like a real on his day how
I'm eating right now
how much macros all that stuff so this
morning
actually have my records from another
morning but I have the same breakfast
today that I did when I filmed it
every morning I basically either have
eggs egg whites plus an egg yolk on
whole-wheat toast or sourdough bread
with avocado and some Himalayan pink
salt and pepper and a lime squeeze or I
have just egg whites alone and then I do
oatmeal and I get some fats from GABA
the peanut butter or almond butter that
I put in it so that is a way I usually
start out my day with one of either one
of those breakfasts just like I never
get sick of them there are really
balanced meals and I enjoy them a lot so
that's kind of my go-to for breakfast
and I've been tracking for a while now I
was sick the past two weeks and so my
tracking kind of fell off of thee
I'm like sweating right I don't know why
my TRUCKING fell off of the radar for
about two weeks but I got back on it now
and I'm kind of back to getting my
metabolism back up and that's another
thing is because I was not tracking for
a few weeks and I was really under
eating because I had the flu I have my
metabolism did slow down a little bit
here metabolism is dynamic it's going to
decrease it's going to increase
depending on your lifestyle how much
you're eating how much you're working
out so right now my calories are pretty
low like this is very low for me and I'm
just putting up my breakdown right now
so we can share with you guys
okay so right now I'm eating 170 grams
of carbs per day 120 grams of protein
and 55 grams of fat now my protein
always pretty much stays the same
the last five years I've probably been
eating 120 grams of protein that's just
what I eat I used to be 120 pounds of
now 100 and 1617 after I kind of this
past year did another body recomposition
and lost some extra fat I also lost some
muscle in my thighs from fencing
so my protein I usually would calculate
as one pound for sorry one gram of
protein per pound of body weight that is
what I personally do I'm not necessarily
recommending that for you it depends
what your goals are if you need that
much protein it's a pretty high protein
diet and that's just to help me
maintain and grow my muscle tissue and
you know just work on building muscle
through fitness and also help my have my
diet reinforce that this protein is
amino acids it's what your muscle is
made out of and so it helps to repair
those muscles and build it back up again
after a workout and my fats are 55 grams
fats are kind of in a moderate place my
carbs are pretty high right now but
overall I would say that my calories
this calorie count comes up to 16 55
that's really low and I know as I've
talked about this as petite women when
we look at calculators online it tells
us to eat only 1,300 1,200 calories that
is super super super super low so yes I
have increased my metabolism up to about
1500 or higher than that I mean right
now 1655 and that's good and everything
but the place where I want to be and the
place where I thrive and I'm my leanness
and my metabolism is fired up is when
I'm around 2,000 calories and yes I'm
five foot one and that takes a lot of
time to build up to but through physical
training through you know appropriate
cardio regimen and through eating clean
nutrient-dense diet you can get your
metabolism to be that high as well and
you can afford to eat 2,000 calories in
a day while still burning fat and
gaining muscle you just have to build up
the metabolism through proper nutrition
and strength training as a petite woman
and that's kind of the whole basis of
the small etics method because I don't
want you guys to be stuck eating a
thousand calories or less per day in
order to lose fat that's not a healthy
or sustainable way to lose fat and you
guys know it's no fun and if you can
lose it that way that means you're gonna
have to eat less and less to lose more
or you're gonna have to stay in a diet
for the rest your life which let me just
tell you because I've been there you
won't be able to it's gonna be a tough
ride on the way back journey on the way
back from having such a slow metabolism
at that point so you don't want to diet
chronically you want to be really
feeling your body and eating enough
nutrients so like I said these are my
macros please don't follow them right
now they change for me on a week-to-week
basis literally I'm increasing them
right now so it's almost like a reverse
not a mini reverse site that I'm doing
right now trying to get my calories back
up to 2,000 where they were
before a little bit before I got sick so
that's what I'm working on right now so
the breakfast that I ate this morning
and let me talk a little bit about how I
like break down my meals I like to have
a carb a fat and a protein present and
and also a vegetable which technically
is a car but if you don't count it you
could kind of forget I like to have all
of those as a part of a single meal to
ensure that I'm absorbing all of the
nutrients of each macronutrients so if
you have a lot of times like yours know
when we're out when we're busy when
we're working we tend to just grab a
snack and that snack tends to be one
macronutrient such as just a carb or
maybe like just a fat it could be or
just two macronutrients what happens
when we do that is we're not fully
absorbing all the nutrients in that meal
or that snack because you need all three
macronutrients present in a meal to
absorb all the nutrients so I always try
to balance I call it balancing my meals
making sure I have a serving of protein
a serving of fat serving of carb and a
handful of vegetables because vegetables
are so calorically they're so clerkly
negligible that you could forget to
count them so I almost have to in my
mind be like okay I have my carbs but
for example like say I I was making a
breakfast and actually one of my
breakfast is a good example of this I
have my oatmeal
that's the carbs and I have the fats
that's a about 8 grams of almond butter
and or peanut butter and then I have egg
whites about 200 grams of egg whites and
if that in terms of like looking at that
that would look like I balanced my meal
all right but the vegetables aren't
there which have all the micronutrients
we really need to also help on a
cellular cellular level with our
metabolism is and having good health so
what I normally do for that is I throw
in a handful or a couple handfuls of
spinach into the egg whites make sure I
get those other types of good
carbohydrates of vegetables and so
that's kind of a hack for that is I
almost count vegetables as an entirely
other macronutrient even though they're
technically carbs so the breakfasts that
I showed you guys that is 200 grams of
egg whites it's half a cup of rolled
oats and about
eight grams of almond butter and that
comes out to 28 grams of carbohydrate
about six to eight grams of fat and
about 30 grams of protein so it's very
very balanced and you guys may or may
not know fat is the most calorically
dense macronutrient so there's always a
little bit less fats and meals because
there are 9 calories per gram of fat in
yeah in fat but there are four calories
per gram of carbs and protein so it's it
just from like a cult calorie standpoint
fats are gonna rack up faster and you
still need them in your meals through
your olive oils your flax seeds your
avocado your peanut butters nut butters
you need to have them your Salmons you
need to have the healthy fats really
important for for women in our hormones
especially but they don't have to be in
large quantities because they are so
clearly dense especially for petites
that can be problematic if you're
loading up on the fats you can
accidentally eat really really really
high amount of calories and if you do
that suddenly if you're increasing your
diet suddenly and trying to increase
your metabolism that fast you're
probably just gonna put it on weight in
the form of fat and not muscle so it
really needs to be strategic if your
excuse me
it really needs to be strategic if
you're increasing your calories so today
it's gonna sort of be a little bit more
of like a vlog style because I'm gonna
show you what's in my fridge and the eat
clean bra situation and then I'm gonna
go to a cafe and do some work with Gary
and I'm gonna take you guys with me just
because since I'm not cooking this would
be like a really short video and I
thought I would just show you my day
it's for you guys at Sunday for me it's
Saturday so before we leave let me show
you what my fridge looks like and the
other two meals that I'm gonna have
today and then we'll take off okay so
we're at the end of the week with our
clean row that's the scone but they have
really really healthy meals this one is
a coriander crusted salmon I don't know
if you can see in there there's orzo
olives it's like very Mediterranean and
I love a Mediterranean diet like
delicious healthy fats a huge fillet of
salmon a little squeeze of lemon and
that's good to have the asses in there
to absorb some of the micronutrients
and then over here I had ordered a
Mediterranean chicken salad and that's a
big white chicken breast lettuce
tomatoes feta cheese I also had what
they call Plain Jane from eat clean bro
and that is cauliflower Turkey and then
they have a special sauce in spinach so
basically what I do right now and I'll
show you guys my app I add the meals in
I add them as my own foods and put the
calories in and calculate like how much
if I went over or how much I have left
for the day and if say I get through two
of these meals plus my breakfast
and then I need to supplement with other
foods like I'll add avocado this avocado
has seen better days guys I have a
didn't same with his bread ever see
worth it at the end of our week and we
are throwing probably unfortunately it
didn't get to eat this bread this week
but yeah I'll supplement with other
foods if I have not got enough calories
yet and try to you know fill my
macronutrient goal but for the most part
I can keep these two meals the same so I
eat a day I'll put in the dinner and the
lunch I'll put those in as I'll put them
in first so the night before this is
actually super good hack by the way if
you load in your macronutrients the
night before or the morning before you
eat you're much more likely to hit them
because then you can plan ahead and you
can manipulate the meals to hit your
goal so when I put those in I don't know
how many fast carbs and protein I have
left for my breakfast and then I can
manipulate my breakfast and change the
quantities to hit my macros whereas if I
ate breakfast and then tried to input
the meals I could go over and it's not
as accurate if I try to change these
meals on my own because it's all mixed
together it's not like it's already been
cooked together so yeah that's kind of
hack is loaded up in the app see what
you have left and then you know
rearrange and plan your meals out so
they're balanced and there's you know 30
grams of protein in each meal if you're
trying to hit a certain goal like me and
each meal you can look at our meal to
meal basis as well and that will help
you stay on track too
I do also want to say that it is
definitely not 100% necessary to track
your macronutrients for a results when I
work with my nutrition clients and a
one-on-one fashion they do not
necessarily
tractor macro-nutrients that's just not
necessary for everyone it's what I do
personally this is more of like a little
view of what I'm doing but don't worry
if you have a history of obsessive
eating or you're just nervous
and I'm sorry my department so charity
don't look if you're nervous about
tracking you do not have to track you
can do hand portion sizes which I can
make a different video about that if
you're interested but I always look at
individuals when I work with clients and
see what's best for them mentally not
just physically in order to reach our
goals and like I said I don't have any
issues with numbers I've done my fair
share of work and I love my body and I
don't care about the scale I don't put
judgments on myself about numbers it's
just information for me but like I said
it took a long time for me to get to
that point where the food is just
numbers it wasn't always like that and
it's not it may not be where you are
right now and that's totally fine
does not mean that you can't live a
healthy lifestyle and lose fat and gain
muscle so I just want to also say that
it's okay if you're if you're not
tracking that's fine you don't need to
but you can learn you know little things
like balance your meals better make sure
you have vegetables make sure you're
getting protein and just kind of raise
your nutritional awareness and education
to have a more healthy lifestyle we're
off to cafe now and gary has very very
what would you say like I have high
demands yeah I got back what are the
like the things that you need I demand
high ceilings I don't like working in
cramped spaces I like some natural light
and good food or coffee or preferably
both okay you but you also said outlets
Oh outlets
yeah that's massive I keep these what
kind of do you trying to do working like
it's so weird but in Williamsburg so
many cafes don't have outlets and I
think it's cuz they don't want you to
stay and I think they want you to like
just kidding and get it that's the
turnover right then yes you're staying
out you're just you're not buying
anything you're just hanging
it that's not that's really great for
business in yeah so we'll see how they
[Music]
get so Gary's been trying this been
shrooming a lot like know every it's
called for Sigma dick mushroom elixir
mix lines main its lion's mane yeah
let's see the back so Gary take them why
do you take this what is this one helps
me focus helps sharpen my thoughts if I
recall but you still have it with
caffeine right
oh the quarter sucked yeah and then they
also have this one which is for immunity
chugga-chugga so they're all mushrooms
yeah I've tried the mushroom one but I
thought well they're almost for the
courtesan no I tried the lion's mane one
yes I didn't really think it improves my
some thing I didn't know I was like
nothing happen for me but you swear by
it right yeah I definitely noticed a
difference okay man alright so I've been
trying to learn Russian because Gary
speaks Russian da da and I'm in duolingo
and oh I forgot I actually bought the I
actually spend money on this
I bought the Plus version and I'm not
even and I'm not I haven't been using it
consistently No Moya coschka
my cat yeah
I could just tell I got it correct
how are you doing doula trionic
yeah now Chuck a terrible car chick
mal'chik a terrible I thought a bionic
the apples yet oh man I'm really rusty
don't tell me okay um yet mourn me no no
that's mine yet
No
yes yeah am yah block oh right yeah yeah
yeah yet yah yeh YUM do we have do we
have lose
ooh nasty yes mama we have we have a
mother yes we do
Game of Thrones yeah um where am i mom
and dad yeah this is enough which is
what to be a yeast
maluca mala ko I do have do you have
this milk
where's milk
do you think I'm doing good good you're
doing great
your pronunciation is really yeah yummy
hablen
I care
you Gary does this thing where he just
does all over for me nothing won't
actually learn anything you're asking
for help translate about sometimes I
just translated automatically
[Music]
just leaving the cafe now we got a lot
of work done it was I don't know it gets
like seven o'clock now and I'm just
grabbing an uber to go to dinner with
one of my friends he's also a member of
the short girl gang I work out with her
when we can and just going to catch up
so hop on a new version
that is allowed for psych I hope you
guys enjoyed this kind of vlog what I
eat a day if you want anymore
if you have any questions or you want
any more content around what I'm eating
please let me know in the comments and
don't forget to give us a like if you
enjoyed it and subscribe for more and
I'll talk to you guys soon
[Music]